docs: suggest import mapping for newer versions (#114)
ilearnio/module-alias: README.md

**WARNING:** If you are going to use this package within another NPM package, please read [Using within another NPM package](#using-within-another-npm-package) first to be aware of potential caveats.

## IMPORTANT - Node v14.6.0+

**WARNING:** If you are using Node v14.6.0 or above, you do not need this
package. A feature was added in Node v14.6.0 called import mapping - you can

> find more at the [documentation]. This enables you to map from both import paths

Reviewer: ```suggestion
find more in the official [documentation](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#packages_imports). This enables you to map from both import paths
```

AND dependencies, for both `require` and ESM `import` statements, without
potentially breaking the module resolution order for other packages in a project
(which makes it fully suitable for libraries and a better alternative to this
package).

We will not be deprecating this package so people can still use it for older
versions of Node.

> [documentation]: https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#packages_imports

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: It's cleaner to use the other method honestly - keeps the text and the unnecessarily bulky links separate from each other.

Reviewer: Fair enough; however, for consistency with the rest of the README, I propose we keep the links next to the text.
